Refactor the Hero component (#197)
pxblue/react-native-component-library: CHANGELOG.md

-   `IconClass` prop for most components has been renamed to `icon` for clarification and has bee extended to support a wider variety of icon formats (see [Icons](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-component-library/blob/master/docs/Icons.md)]).
-   In `<Hero>` component, `ValueIconClass` prop has been renamed to `valueIcon`.

> -   In `<ChannelValue>` component, `IconProps` has been replaced with separate props for `iconSize` and `iconColor`, and `fontSize`, `value`, `valueIcon`, `valueColor` and `units` props have been replaced with a single `channelValueProps` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In `<ChannelValue>` component, `IconProps` has been replaced with separate props for `iconSize` and `iconColor`, 
-   In `<Hero>` component, fontSize`, `value`, `valueIcon`, `valueColor` and `units` props have been replaced by `ChannelValueProps` prop, which will allow you to specify any props on the underlying `<ChannelValue>` component.
```
